Messed up the rules here
Do you want to die?
Mr. Miss
I'm really sorry just now.
You rest first
The protagonist will be here soon.
Justice awaits the Suzaku
You can ask him if there is any medicine you need.
OK.
It just so happens that I haven't seen Sister Suzaku for a long time
Hurry up and move the stool for Miss Immortal
Hurry up!
Sit first, sit first and rest
Coming soon.
shop
Mr. Xu, please come to the orchard and let me know.
I'm familiar with this area
I'll walk with you.
I was just wandering around.
Suzaku, long time no see
Business, you also came to learn the doctor's standard
Yes, it was supposed to be looking for drug addiction
Give the young master's mother an eye
As a result, I met this fat man who forced me to buy and sell
He said he was going to break our legs
Somebody stab this fat man into the meat
Never let the mineral spring fruit complete a step in the future
Can you go home and live?
If you can go home, please forgive me, commander